all right let's call it level but I i
would have leaned now a bit too been on
the scores a while i noticed her girls
are not a lot more care and attention in
my phones watching in the fuck alone get
his game fans respect he noise has been
a lot longer than expected they expected
and he needs some steam who needs to
look after his team so he's got a level
now generally unofficial
regardez Switzerland Thailand Mexico if
do become a lot of us a purplish jutsu
stingrays the key
someone is going to go up physically
even if I'm not knocked oh shit
exhaustion can you save this fate and as
always said if he takes him a few rounds
he really fancied the job because there
is some doubt really about the penance
staying power
well the stem have really been proved on
the other hand you know one thing his
party I promise I'm
the things still not allowing the plenty
circle this is what he must do go dick
in the chances at push on back as much
as possible
now they're not getting through out
front
look for live up to the whole level
he was sucking in garden
question quite well
no trouble as villains back these
peoples of your chances
he's almost calling him on their debun
you notice that yes is looking over the
tortoise and don't worry I'm okay I'm in
charge I got it here
remember the new hair stylist at the old
wooly hat on concealing from us at press
conferences
step tumbly on the wet there in Ben's
corner McCullen
to come off the floor and the photo in
the wounded and come back and actually
take control of things that we doing
here against the father of this caliber
proven
of his championship
at middleweight McClellan
and a Don King favorite he was certainly
looking for undoing
men's legs just looking out longer would
compose he's still been pushed by
cut off of
just took their shit
he fouled to the Frenchman there
30 euros I think we should get a mother
and the pulp fill it politics you but
the word out on told excited with the
rest of you
the omission sawdust poll we got the lot
here well you would in the oldest that
window
so there's the gun show coming up to him
in replay nicer place has been half over
most of the fight we've left to the only
slight problem for vein these punches of
having their if you would like to see
and miquelon his london good sources
landing content or shorts he's like
flanken car than the the atmosphere in
the excitement but he's landing better
punches and McClellan hurt more than the
desire of the fake good rubdown over
Saunders and detritus sir it must be
pleased with him as much
some components P
barrington thought kinds of Klondike
characters anyway
look for shidduch saintly raise this one
rings with any of the face of other
scene and all my years in the Fate game
we're not worried about the technical
side here to welcome our way they're
both such confidence boxes but they're
not bothering with the destroy em fond
of each other
yeah if he's hit on the back of the head
sheena kalyan standing off a little bit
given unsought room tip line spin has to
get closer he loved what he calls the
tear up then Disney promised us he would
then has to get lost and he's govern-
and punching room here the plane was
getting a bit irritating as well by the
referee get in there when he thinks he
could be unloading punches and that day
Mancini's screaming in the corner and
solvers the symphony could ruin a good
favor AJ was thinking oh I their best
because a Zacks what more puns he's got
them Benson came for the cover
been such a fighter touch ought to be in
the blow gym that it's a noticeable now
just not cruise my hooded by enemies but
by this then there's now a little bit
slower isn't it Oh leg wires anyway
phone is painting a whole bar punching
room here as his paper been has been
marched tree off the site cloak and
punches it conservative first if he
stands with egg hunting range this
fellas going to take over
just a point about this gun shield if it
went out among the crowd and nobody
could find it if the playlist corner
didn't have a spare they would actually
be disqualified under the new rules that
was the Handley again London for Ben but
once again not the effect that like to
see
yet to come then
he's really doing they come on like
you can do I can do better stuff man
going to open a branch / 31 it's no
chicken in the fight game of this way